- [Presenter] The most proven application
of GitOps is to layer it on top of a Cloud Native approach.
The techniques and technologies championed
by the Cloud Native approach work well with GitOps.
When we apply them to manage the operations
of containerized applications.
This pairing is the defacto standard
within the GitOps space.
So we'll focus on this scenario for the remainder
of the course.
To start, let's dive deeper into the concepts
behind Cloud Native.
A key tenant with Cloud Native
is that you've adopted GitOps principles.
So it assumes you've embraced agile ways of working
and have broken down silos
in your organization that allow teams to work in harmony
to deliver software.
From a practice perspective,
you've abandoned waterfall work in short cycles
and are hyper-focused on delivering software quickly.
Now let's talk about what gets developed.
Cloud Native approaches advocate
for building applications with a microservice architecture.
This can be a little subjective but in general,
you aim to build systems that are modular,
service-based and loosely coupled.
This can be achieved by directing integration
through API interfaces and by applying design principles,
similar to those defined by Heroku's 12-factor app model.
In general, Cloud Native applications
are made of small services that can be developed
and released independently.
This leads into our next point
about Cloud Native applications.
They rely heavily upon automation.
The switch to building more modular systems
with many services makes automated pipelines critical
for building and packaging software into an artifact.
After automated tests and quality assurance gates pass,
the artifacts are stored in a repository
where they wait for an automated agent to deploy
and release them to an environment.
What is released into the system
and the systems configuration
is determined by code that describes immutable versions
of the infrastructure.
This takes us to the core driver behind Cloud Native.
Cloud Native centers around the idea
that you'll run applications using containers
on scalable infrastructure.
Container run times like Docker allow us
to run software based on images and image packages,
the application and its environment together
which makes the software portable
and much easier to run in any environment.
To manage how we scale structure
and deploy containerized applications,
the Cloud Native approach uses a container orchestrator.
And for that, Kubernetes is the most popular.
Taking it a step further,
a service mesh can be used if advanced management
of our distributed applications,
security policies and traffic is required.
Okay, that's a lot to take in.
So let me tie it together and bring this back to GitOps.
When we look at how get ops principles
changed the operations for Cloud Native applications.
They influence how we use automation to deliver, deploy
and orchestrate our running containers the most.
Coming up, we're going to explore this area more
to see how GitOps applies to the practices used
to manage the operations of Cloud Native applications.